Add deprecated csv script (#4858)
SigmaHQ/sigma: deprecated/README.md

# Deprecated folder

> This folder contains all rules whose status has been set to deprecated.
> 
> It is preferable not to use them any more
> 
> the file [deprecated.csv](deprecated.csv) is a summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains all rules that have been marked as deprecated.

It is recommended to avoid using these rules, as they are no longer maintained or supported.

For a summary, refer to the file [deprecated.csv](./deprecated.csv)

```

# references

> https://github.com/SigmaHQ/sigma-specification/blob/main/Sigma_specification.md#status-optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/SigmaHQ/sigma-specification/blob/main/specification/sigma-rules-specification.md#status
```
